CSC480 Senior Project Journal

Oct 7 - After deciding that our group would work with the CFC to complete our Senior Project, we received the data from the CFC in an Excel document. First, we decided to take a sample portion of the data and transfered it to another Excel document, so that we could run through our project's processes and procedures. This was achieved at our meeting on October 2nd, by Sam. At our next meeting on Oct 9th, we will begin testing the data from start to finish, so that we can fully implement it for all the data, which is roughly 50 pages worth of data. Next, each individual of our group created a personal repository, in addition to the group repository, so that information can be easily disseminated between group members.

Oct 21 - Our group met on October 9th to go over our processes and procedures for bringing the CFC data over to the SQL Server database. One limitation we have come across is the level of analysis we could do on the data. The data only includes actual values and forecast values, so it is hard to do analysis, besides daily, monthly, or yearly analysis. Good idea would be to look at the how well the forecasts performed based on the data. On Oct 15th we met up with Mrs. Elaine Deschamps to make sure that we were meeting her and her group's needs and requirements for our project. After this meeting, we narrowed our focus down to making sure we database all applicable data, so that it can serve as a reference for her group to view historical data in preparation for future forecasts.

Nov 4 - We met internally to discuss how to tackle the large amount of data that we must clean before the ETL into SQL Server. We also completed our intermediate presentation for Senior Project. After further discussion with Dr. Mario and Dr. Nelson, we made a few tweaks to the design of our database and Excel documents.

Nov 18 - We met to discuss progress on "cleaning" this large amount of data for the project. We decided to divide and conquer the sheets in hopes of completing at least 20-30 sheets by presentation time.

Dec 2 - We emailed our POC Elaine to invite her to our presentation on Dec 13, 2018. She said that she will be in attendance. We also are finishing up minor details for our project. After cleaning the data up for ETL into SQL Server, we have amassed 9800 records and 88,000 datapoints.
